Clarify requirement of e20 license for multiple connected Jira server (#717)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira: docs/README.md

This plugin supports Jira Core and Jira Software products for Server, Data Center, and Cloud platforms. It has been tested with versions 7 and 8.

> **Support for multiple Jira instances is supported from Jira 3.0 and configured using [Administrator Slash Commands](https://mattermost.gitbook.io/plugin-jira/admininstrator-guide/administrator-slash-commands) (Exclusive to E20 Licensed servers)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Support for multiple Jira instances is supported from Jira 3.0 and configured using [Administrator Slash Commands](https://mattermost.gitbook.io/plugin-jira/admininstrator-guide/administrator-slash-commands) (Available for Mattermost Enterprise E20)**
```
